🤔✅❌                                          
DARKRP MEETING SUGGESTIONS:
LEAVE YOUR SUGGESTIONS BELOW IN THE CORRECT PLACE!

SERVER SUGGESTIONS:
-Below this-
 TAKE OFF THE “WIRE” IN SERVER NAME as we have no wire but add E2’s instead-JR🤔
 Allow E2 alarms just something that can alert you someone has entered your base. Does Not track or record locations just alerts you… kinda like the current scanners but with E2’s so you can make like a custom warning pop up on your screen instead of the crappy chat message that can barely be seen.-JR
 So this is going to sound kinda weird but bear with me. Move the Advert/cooldowns rules to right below the general rules, so in order it goes gen rules, advert rules,basing rules,wardrobe...ETC. the reason is that new players get in more trouble with adverts and cool downs then any other rule. By making this up higher then they get to see it when they press f4 instead of having to scroll down a bit to see it. Most players dont scroll down but having it there it will show that we are an advert server and that we have cooldowns for things. Im hoping that this will take an effect on the new players that join, so more of them follow these and dont get banned for some small advert.thank you-JR
 
 


JOB SUGGESTIONS:
-Below this-
 make a crip/blood leader job. this makes it so random people cant call themselves the leader and call gang war.
 Add ability to make lean to custom classes
 Bartender job that can sell drinks and such
 
 
 




RP SUGGESTIONS:
-Below this-
 Being able to put weapon on safety and it puts it to your side-kwciicompton 
 Take away the ability of pissed babies to be able to base| you can't really defend a base as a baby and many people keep using guns as babies to defend their base.-JR
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
SERVER BUGS:
-Below this- 
Please fix the gun shelves so i can stop getting sits about them 
 
 
 
 
 





RULE SUGGESTIONS:
-Below this-
make it to apply you need 3 days not 2.this extra day will dissuade those who are trying to rush their app and can also make sure those we do accept that have low playtime are very adept in the rulesJR
Remove the tv Rules as there is no longer TV's that people can spawn unless your bringing it back.-JR
 change the NLR only applies to raids in rules, i dont know how to word it but make it encompasses cp/raids/past life actions. people have been trying to get there way around nlr because it says it only applies to raids||| change fear applies to all mugging and kidnapping's-JR
 make propping/prop spam punishment follow the 1x5min 2x10min 3x12 urban  if someone is   there doesn't need to be 3 warnings if its above 2 they have been warned enough.-JR
 Make a rule for how much the mayor can make gun licenses-JR
Add under mayor for Laws… laws can not restrict movement… this will solve like 2 problems that are very prominent lately.. Eg. no jaywalking, only use crosswalks etc..-JR
Rule change: allow miners to incase themselves around a rock so no one can move them, this is becoming a huge problem. Only one person can mine a rock anyway and this would stop all the problems of people going in there and pushing people.-JR 
For dealers add to the kos reasons. In a nutshell that you can't say “for all reasons” or “if annoying” the shops have just been killing who they want and having vague kos signs..-JR
Luna brought up a good question about specifying a rule for the use of warnings. My guess would be to add “ the warning reason must be a valid RP reason eg. hitman/kidnapper following you...ETC”-JR
We need to talk about selling money in-game with players 
Ban Invisible floors on skybases or add a rule to say that there are not allowed - Teleputer




STAFF RELATED SUGGESTIONS:
-Below this-
Publicly say to the staff you can not +/- support for being bare minimum playtime, I keep seeing it i message people. its in miskies support TOS
 People plz stop skipping sits - a very angry frog
 Having a weapon checker-kwciicompton 
Give staff an unarrest baton( the unarrest command sometimes doesn't work.)-JR
 Add that people can be banned even if they are not in a sit but only if you have evidence that they were breaking rules, I would specify that for ARDM cases be a little careful and the only good way to know is check rdm manager as it shows location and damage logs of the killer and victim-JR
 




MISC Suggestions:
-Below This-
this is a somewhat question as a suggestion, if a base sit is made and you goto the base is this considered a sit, ive been told that a sit is only a sit if its in admin land.| would be something to talk about what with this past weeks… Problems.
 Vote Kick once you get  5 or more votes on someone they get kicked (To Stop Prop Blocks when staff not online)
 Make it so the welcome mat does not kill you in admin mode 
 Blacklist Wiremod Users to only be used on Item Creates E2 User Exploit - Teleputer
 I feel that punishment severity should have a timeplayed cushion so basically that say you have less than 3 hours on the server, depending upon the rule broke increase or decreases the length in jail or ban length (idk just a thought)
 Blacklist invisible materials so people cant even use them to make a invisible base or maze base.
 








