🤔✅❌                                          
DARKRP MEETING SUGGESTIONS:
LEAVE YOUR SUGGESTIONS BELOW IN THE CORRECT PLACES!

SERVER SUGGESTIONS:
-Below this-
 Add more casino manager entities- frog(i would be careful the casino entities do cause a lot of lag-JR)
 Maybe switch to 128 players???? - the epic amphibian (more lag-JR)
 Perma Knifes Giftable- Tune
 For kidnaps the current amount of time you are knocked out for is only 20 secs. I think it should be a little longer because the amount of time is so short that you can't bring them back to your base or anything.

JOB SUGGESTIONS:
-Below this-
Maybe remove alien class? It creates more problems then rp situations-frog
 Remove voting for classes in general I honestly see no point in it- frog

RP SUGGESTIONS:
-Below this-
 Change the pissed baby/alien( to what… what needs to be fixed-jr)

SERVER BUGS:
-Below this- 
 When u look at multiple sits and try to claim one it gives u a error until u refresh - frog
 Fix hud showing the wrong amount of props - frog
 Please fix the xp bug it hasnt worked for me since last year - frogggggg (also doesn’t work for me- Kudaa)
 Delete chat logs. Ive never had a sit where i needed to see chat logs i only needed advert logs… could help speed up current log load speed.(I’ve used chat logs in cases of scamming and harrasment - Tyer)

RULE SUGGESTIONS:
-Below this-
I know its a rule that it is KOS past the second door of the bank but can you clarify if a KOS Sign is needed, Thx UwU
Pro blocking spawn-what I mean is putting no collided props over spawn or anything like that.
Add plugging/advertising is a mute other then like YouTube and twitch because that promotes the server -froggy

STAFF RELATED SUGGESTIONS:
-Below this-
All 3 below can be answered by saying there are new logs in progress.-jr
Idek know if this is possible but make logs load a little bit faster - frog( its not possible unless you cut out some of the logs.-JR)
 Again don’t know if this is possible but make it so that we can talk as long as we ain’t typing in logs - frog
 Add flogs- a very sad frog
 Can we say that people can’t -support applications for things like “not a lot of playtime” even when they meet the requirement?
 Paying Staff with In-game money per hour or Per Sit - teleputer

MISC Suggestions:
-Below This-
Remove the bank guy from suburbs 
 
